Update instructions and test case description (#2202)
exercism/javascript: exercises/concept/fruit-picker/.docs/instructions.md

You are creating a new online portal for your patrons to order their fruit fresh from the grocer. The grocer has an API that you can use to see if they have the inventory desired by your customers. You need to create a small library of functions for interacting with the grocer's API.

> ## 1. Let your customer know that their order was successful

Reviewer: Maybe rephrase slightly to stress that the order might not be successful

```suggestion
## 1. Notify your customer when their order was successful
```

> The portal should notify your customer if their order was successful. Define the `onSuccess` callback function that will be called if the order was successful because the grocer _has_ the fruit in stock. This function should invoke the imported `notify` function, passing `{ message: 'SUCCESS' }` to let your customer know that their order was successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The portal should notify your customer if their order was successful. Define the `onSuccess` callback function that will be called if the order was successful due to the grocer having enough fruit in stock. This function should invoke the imported `notify` function, passing `{ message: 'SUCCESS' }` to let your customer know that their order was successful.
```

```javascript
onSuccess();
// => `notify` called with `{ message: 'SUCCESS' }`
```

> ## 2. Let your customer know that their order was unsuccessful

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2. Notify your customer when their order was unsuccessful
```

// => `order` was called with the query and the callbacks
```

> ## 4. Create a convenient helper function to place orders

Reviewer: Maybe storify this a bit too? For example:

```suggestion
## 4. Simplify handling placed orders
```

or something like that

> Your customers are now able to place fruit orders via your portal, however, you notice that you are invoking the `orderFromGrocer` function in many different places across your codebase, each time having to pass in a `query` and the 2 `callback` functions as arguments. Seeing an opportunity to refactor your code, you think it would be simpler if you could place an order by just passing the `variety` and `quanity` of fruit required. Define the `postOrder` helper function that takes `variety` and `quantity` as arguments and attempts to place an order with the grocer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your customers are now able to place fruit orders via your portal, however, you notice that you are invoking the `orderFromGrocer` function in many different places across your codebase, each time having to pass in a `query` and the two `callback` functions as arguments. Seeing an opportunity to refactor your code, you think it would be simpler if you could place an order by just passing the `variety` and `quantity` of fruit required. Define the `postOrder` helper function that takes `variety` and `quantity` as arguments and attempts to place an order with the grocer.
```
